hey what's up you guys welcome back I'm
here with another comparison I was asked
can I please you know I said can you
please compare the souls with the
Aviators because they ran the same price
range so here I am and first to start
off with I'd like to look at both of
these headphones the aviator the
Aviators are more of a vintage look I
mean actually they are vintage World War
two they wore headphones like this and
of course it didn't had a skull on you
know the different today's design but
the same shape saved up the metal
headband and cushioning this is this
style been around for these 70 years and
I like it I like to throw back look I
like that clear you can see the drivers
and this is the only plastic on his head
just protective don't and
with these headphones the Aviators don't
expect a lot of bass but expect some
crisp clean highs I mean they're they're
hiding the highs are they burn my hands
when I turn up my my iphone and full
volume I mean the highest actually sting
my eardrums but you don't get that with
the souls you get some serious bass you
get some nice crispy highs so you know
both of these are great headphones but
if you want power you go to publix and
if you want that I don't know if you
listen to music with what a bunch of my
electric guitars and synthesizers and
things like that i recommend the
Aviators right here you know the
Aviators arm to me they're not really
hip hop but they're there I guess you
can say i was missing just whitney
houston with these headphones and her
voice I mean these headphones burn her
voice it was like they cheated back from
the grave the highest heard her voice
was so crisp and clean I guess that due
to the highs and the meats with these
headphones and so I was interested you
know I mean compare that soon you know
listen to both headphones playing that
song the Aviators actually worn out on
that only by concealing that song at
least and it's hard to explain music if
you can't hear it next to impossible for
you to grip with what I'm saying and for
the sound quality because it's really
hard to explain but overall I like the
Republic's better but when I was
listening to that song it's almost like
every time I listen to Wendy Houston are
any are being sung that
whether somebody with strong voice I'm
going to go grab my aviators if I decide
to hold on to these costs usually guys
when I don't when I don't plan on
keeping headphone if I review them and
they're not really gripping to me I
usually send them back and all right
donate them but yeah these are to each
is own with these headphones if you like
a lot of strong heavy bass is not a hip
hop on a lot of even male vocals I say
take their own Republic the Aviators one
no one to five stars I get these
headphones of four stars I don't know
four stars which is pretty hot in my boy
and the souls and the p phi by wicked
p5's and my mixes are probably the only
headphones that i gave 5 stars2 and i
reviewed a lot of headphones but most
you guys seen these headphones before so
it's no need to be trying to describe
every little thing to you once you got
interested in the sound quality and it
depends on what you like with detailed
phones these headphones are much louder
than the Republic's and that's once
again due to the eyes but they kind of
burn my age if i turn my volume all the
way up which you know these dangerous
tears but doing these are not dangerous
headphones or get me wrong I'm not
knocking on my life these headphones but
my choice would be just sol republic
tracks HD and i may be a little biased
you know torchy's you know this
headphone i really like these headphones
but I listen to all music i was
listening to some Rolling Stones
you with these headphones and how much
wine played that song like seven times
in Roy sounds so good when she's
headphone I just couldn't tell them all
the way up what a volume up so that's my
that's my take on easy they probably not
be give you too much information on
which one should you get that's not
really what this video is for it's just
my take on these headphones alright guys
once again thanks for supporting me rate
comment and subscribe peace up